---
title: "Personal Care"
---

At the time of writing I have accepted an offer at the [[University of Waterloo]] for Software Engineering and have made it my home for the next 5 years :)

Living far from home means that I can do whatever I want, eat whatever I want, sleep whenever I want, and more. I have to learn how to take good care of myself and my body as I want to live till I am 120 years old (aim for stars!).

## Sleep

I have found 7-8 hours of sleep be the sweet spot for me, unless I am super tired I have an internal clock that usually wakes me up when I reach around that much sleep. I have found it to be helpful to supplement my sleep with 30 minutes - 1 hour naps throughout the day if required

## Food

I have a lot of development to do on this, at my current stage my cooking skills are subpar. I believe if push comes to shove I will adapt but I'd like to learn basics of cooking

## Personal Hygiene

These are basic things that everyone should be following (and I currently do follow). I am honestly not sure if CS/Engineering majors not having Personal Hygiene is a meme or reality...

- Brush 2x a day
- Shower once a day
- Use Deodorant
- Fresh change of clothes when needed
- Keep yourself groomed (shave facial hair, haircuts, etc.)

If you follow these I believe you have met the essentials of maintaining good personal hygiene


## Physical Activity

This is by far the thing I struggle at the most, during my first move in Canada (Dec. 2021 - Feb. 2023) I was consistent at the gym as I had friends to go with.

Ideally I would like to workout 5 times a week to maintain my physical health and according to [[Steven Gong]] healthy body hosts a healthy mind

I need to find it in me to push myself to go everyday, I have the resources I need I just need to put in the work.

Checkout [[ChatGPT PPL]] for my Push, Pull, and Legs routine (yes this is generated by ChatGPT)


I believe if I do everything listed I will keep myself healthy for the duration of my university experience... I look forward to my experience at Waterloo! 
